docs: Clean up v10 Upgrade Guide (#2358)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/10.0-UPGRADE-GUIDE.mdx

## Component Updates

### Button

**PR:** [#2285](https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/pull/2285)

> We've refactored how we style buttons to use our `createStyles` utility function. We don't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've refactored how we style buttons to use our [`createStyles`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/features-styling-api--create-styles) utility function. We don't
```

anticipate this being a breaking change in most cases, but there may be slight changes to visual
tests.

#### Button Icon Fill

In an effort to soften the visual effect when a button is toggled, icons will no longer be "filled"

> on toggle.

Author: I may have misunderstood the intended change here. When I first read this, I thought it was an aesthetic choice to remove the fill on toggle; however, I wonder if this is actually a bug fix. If so, we'll need to revise this language.

#### Button Focus Ring Update

> We found that focus rings were not consistent across all buttons. We've updated our buttons to
> display consistent focus rings across all variants. These will need to be taken note of due to some
> small changes visually with Buttons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We found that focus rings are not consistent across all buttons. We've updated the focus ring on the `inverse` variant of `PrimaryButton` to display a consistent focus ring across `PrimaryButton` and `SecondaryButton`. The changes to `PrimaryButton` will need to be taken note of due to some small visual changes on the `inverse` variant.
```

Reviewer 2: @jamesfan 

Check this out.

Author: Nice! I like this 👍

- `PrimaryButton`: `inverse` variant now has the same focus ring as default variant and as

>   `SecondaryButton`.

Author: Is the "**These**" in "**These** will need to be taken note of due to some small changes visually with Buttons" referring to the single item for `PrimaryButton` listed below? No need for this to be list since there's only a single item now (I do recall `TertiaryButton` being in the list at one point).

Reviewer 2: `TertiaryButton` was removed as design did not want to change the focus ring. 
`PrimaryButton` was changed, that's just the inverse variant that now matches others
